Document foreman_resource_quota plugin (#3460)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_installing-the-resource-quota-plugin.adoc

[id="installing-the-resource-quota-plugin"]

> = Installing the Resource Quota plugin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Installing the Resource Quota plug-in
```

> Use the following procedure to install the Resource Quota plugin.

Author: TODO: check if capitalization is OK; i.e. if other plugins do it too.

> Use the following procedure to install the Resource Quota plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To limit host resources for your {Project} users, install the Resource Quota plug-in.
```
No self-referential content, please.

.Procedure
* Install the plugin on your {ProjectServer}:
+
[options="nowrap", subs="+quotes,verbatim,attributes"]
----

> # {foreman-installer} --enable-foreman-plugin-resource-quota

Author: current installation: `dnf install rubygem-foreman_resource_quota && foreman-installer`
